=head1 Call for Participation

Please mark your calendars! The organizers of OSDC::Israel are glad
to announce that the next conference will be held on 20-22 February
2007. There will be additional events such as tutorials and a Perl 6
hackathon near the main conference; the exact schedule will be announced
in the next month or so.

OSDC::Israel is an international conference for Open Source Developers,
running now in its second year in this form and as Yet Another Perl
Conference (YAPC) for the three years prior to that. The conference
has attracted renowned speakers worldwide, such as Mark-Jason Dominus,
Audrey Tang and Larry Wall.

This year's conference is held in participation with ICSEM '07, the
Israeli Conference of Software Engineering and Management.

Our venue is the Netanya Academic College, which has already graciously
hosted us last year.

We would like to invite speakers, volunteers, attendees and sponsors.

=head2 Guests

We already have two guests:

=over 4

=item * Audrey Tang, of Perl fame, lead developer of Pugs

=item * Zeev Suraski, the CTO of Zend, maker of PHP

=back


=head2 Speakers

A detailed Call for Papers can be found on the conference web site
(L<http://www.osdc.org.il/2007/call_for_papers.html>).
If you believe you have something interesting to say about software 
development, deployment, or management, especially in the Open 
Source context, we would like to hear from you. Past topics included 
(but were not limited to):

=over 4

=item * Code techniques (Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby)

=item * Powerful tools for any of the above

=item * Interaction between technologies in Open Source

=item * Software testing

=item * Management techniques

=item * How to make money from writing Open Source software

=item * Future plans from language designers

=back

Main track talks will be 20, 45, or 90 minutes in length; in addition,
there will be a lightning talk session intended for less experienced
speakers or for those with small or humorous topics.


=head2 Volunteers

OSDC is a very low cost conference in the spirit of open participation and
community sharing. One way of giving back to the community is to offer your
time for any of these:

=over 4

=item * Design the web site of the conference - L<http://osdc.org.il>

=item * Designing, printing, and distributing conference posters/flyers

=item * Administrative help with billing

=item * Production help (our interface to food, A/V, and other providers)

=item * Assemble conference material

=item * Docmaster (edit and produce conference proceedings)

=back

Any help you can give in one or more of these categories will be well
appreciated!


=head2 Attendees

We are seeing a growing number of conference-goers, both from Israel and
international guests. OSDC is growing nicely and we are happy for it! If
you have any questions about arranging a visit to Israel please contact
the organizers (see below). Tell and bring your friends!


=head2 Sponsors

OSDC is a gathering of highly skilled technological people. If you have
benefited from the effort of Open Source people in the past, please
consider sponsoring the event. We are not a commercial conference but
your support will be acknowledged fairly.

There is an option of a job fair this year; contact the organizers if
your company is interested in participating.


=head2 Communication: Mailing lists, wiki

In order to ease communication the conference has two mailing lists:

=over 4

=item * Announcement list: L<http://osdc.org.il/mailman/listinfo/osdc-news>

=item * Discussion list: L<http://osdc.org.il/mailman/listinfo/osdc-discuss>

=back

If you have not done so yet, please subscribe at least to the 
announcement list in order not to miss any important news.

In addition we have a wiki: L<http://wiki.osdc.org.il/>.

The main conference web site: L<http://www.osdc.org.il>.


=head2 Organizers

Please direct all queries to L<organizers@osdc.org.il>.

